Svc/DpWriter/docs/sdd.md, before:

\page SvcDpWriterComponent Svc::DpWriter Component
# Svc::DpWriter (Active Component)

## 1. Introduction

`Svc::DpWriter` is an active component for writing data products to disk.
It does the following:

1. Receive buffers containing filled data products.
The buffers typically come from an instance of 
[`Svc::DpManager`](../../DpManager/docs/sdd.md),
either directly or via an instance 
of[`Svc::BufferAccumulator`](../../BufferAccumulator/docs/BufferAccumulator.md).

1. For each buffer _B_ received in step 1,

   1. Perform any requested processing, such as data compression, on _B_.

   1. Write _B_ to disk.

## 2. Requirements

Requirement | Description | Rationale | Verification Method
----------- | ----------- | ----------| -------------------
SVC-DPWRITER-001 | `Svc::DpWriter` shall provide a port for receiving `Fw::Buffer` objects containing filled data products. | The purpose of `DpWriter` is to write the data products to disk. | Unit Test

## 3. Design

### 3.1. Component Diagram

TODO

### 3.2. Ports

`DpWriter` has the following ports:

TODO

### 3.3. State

`DpWriter` maintains the following state:

TODO

### 3.4. Runtime Setup

TODO

### 3.5. Port Handlers

TODO
<a name="ground_interface"></a>
## 4. Ground Interface

TODO

## 5. Example Uses

TODO

Commit message:

Update DpWriter SDD
Also add SDD stub for DpCatalog, so we can start referring to it

Svc/DpWriter/docs/sdd.md, after:

\page SvcDpWriterComponent Svc::DpWriter Component
# Svc::DpWriter (Active Component)

## 1. Introduction

`Svc::DpWriter` is an active component for writing data products to disk.
It does the following:

1. Receive buffers containing filled data product containers.
The buffers typically come from an instance of 
[`Svc::DpManager`](../../DpManager/docs/sdd.md),
either directly or via an instance 
of[`Svc::BufferAccumulator`](../../BufferAccumulator/docs/BufferAccumulator.md).

1. For each buffer _B_ received in step 1,

   1. Perform any requested processing, such as data compression, on _B_.

   1. Write _B_ to disk.

## 2. Requirements

Requirement | Description | Rationale | Verification Method
----------- | ----------- | ----------| -------------------
SVC-DPWRITER-001 | `Svc::DpWriter` shall provide a port for receiving `Fw::Buffer` objects pointing to filled data product containers. | The purpose of `DpWriter` is to write the data products to disk. | Unit Test
SVC-DPWRITER-002 | `Svc::DpWriter` shall provide an array of ports for sending `Fw::Buffer` objects for processing. | This requirement supports downstream processing of the data in the buffer. | Unit Test
SVC-DPWRITER-003 | On receiving a data product container _C_, `Svc::DpWriter` shall use the processor ID field of the header of _C_ to select the port index to use for processing. An out-of-bounds index shall signify no processing. | This requirement allows the data product producer to control the type of processing done. | Unit Test
SVC-DPWRITER-004 | On receiving an `Fw::Buffer` _B_, and after performing any requested processing on _B_, `Svc::DpWriter` shall write _B_ to disk. | The purpose of `DpWriter` is to write data products to the disk. | Unit Test
SVC-DPWRITER-005 | When writing a buffer containing a data product _C_ to disk, `DpWriter` shall prepend (1) the priority value stored in the header of _C_ and (2) a hash value guarding the priority value. | This requirement allows another component, such as [`Svc::DpCatalog`](../../Svc/DpCatalog/docs/sdd.md), to update the priority without recomputing the hash for _C_. | Unit Test

## 3. Design

### 3.1. Component Diagram

TODO

### 3.2. Ports

`DpWriter` has the following ports:

TODO

### 3.3. State

`DpWriter` maintains the following state:

TODO

### 3.4. Runtime Setup

TODO

### 3.5. Port Handlers

TODO
<a name="ground_interface"></a>
## 4. Ground Interface

TODO

## 5. Example Uses

TODO
